See how he could do such a thing about the original sword?
Is there anything better than the blur of practicing online?
Do you just lack a chaotic family or are you just a bastard?
What doesn't your brother have?
Bring me to cook? Otherwise, I'll take you to dinner and you'll be offended!
Where's the lady? We came here on purpose, right?
Are you still not aware of the sins of marriage that you know how to talk about?
Can I still be famous?
How can it be so circle?
I know, I really
.. Oops, right!
Go to the door and see, which one do I really want to show you?
Hey, really
You really left school?
If you have anything to do with me
The heart of a lifelong Xizhou dad
Still the happiest so far
It's been too long
I really can't remember
last time i left
Are you feeling a little sad?
This damn blind man
If not for me
Last time I gave you three dollars worth of money.
You're a beggar
If I don’t give you this money today,
I'll take your dollar
Anyway, such rough days
Then I'll give you a short-lived fall